March 15th:
	rename the object "animate" function to something more representative of what it actually does (moves the sprite), as "animate" will
	be something totally seperate in the future when i get around to implementing animation.

March 16th:
	I've been thinking the movement feels a little clunky. When the player moves, there are a few hundred ms where attempting
	to move does not work, as the AI is taking its turn and animating it's moves. This feels frustrating. To remedy this, I'll
	put in something that notifies the player when they can move. Probably arrows surrounding the player on the ground. When the arrows appear,
	the player can move. When they're gone, they wait. This should remove any frustration caused by buttons not responding.
	Also, ai should only animate when it's on screen. This should make movement quicker when theres nobody else on screen.

March 17th:
	Clean up the mapgen functions. Restore order to this horrible file

May 2017:
	Changed Project direction entirely.
	No longer a turn based engine.
	interface manager started.
	Many other small changes.

	todo:
		
		optimize the y-sorting, so that objects only resort when they move.

		Make Game.lua a class, so that it can be extended by a myGame.lua class to truly separate the game specific stuff from the engine specific stuff.
		[[[[[ NOTE: This might be going overboard with the OOP stuff, but I think its useful so lets roll with it.]]]]]

		The absolute most important thing: 	Redo the map thing entirely, and for the love of god, have it generate a static map image.
																				Drawing the map tile by tile takes us from less than 1% cpu usage to 30% cpu usage. Absolutely fucking crazy.
		MOST IMPORTANT:::: Maybe re-introduce diagonal moving, but have it handled much more explictly than it was before. Control is good :^)

		SECOND MOST IMPORTANT:::: 	The map generator should generate a bunch of wall objects that cover the entire outside of the map.
						Also, scrap the 2darray thing. It works okay but it doesnt allow for tiles outside the array size.
						If we use a tile-struct based system, the map can stretch out in any direction forever with no performance hit.
						(as in, generate the map where each tile is a table(struct) (with an x,y, type value)) This will be a bit more performance intensive,
						but it only needs to be done once, as the mapgen will generate a static texture which will remain static inside the map object.
						The map generator will also generate large invisible rects which will outline the walls of the map, allowing for ingame collisions with the map.

						Rough outline of mapgen:
							1: The entire infinite space will be dealt with in quantized space. The quantization will allow for roomMaxSize.
							   From here, generate #<minNumOfRooms>, each one linking to another.
							2: once finished, generate a random number of other rooms, and link them in, up to <MaxNumOfRooms>
							3: now lets generate the walls by outlining what we just made, and then create a list of invisible rects outlining the entire
							   structure efficiently for collision mapping.
							4: now, lets generate the static texture for this map. This stage is where shading tiles and such are applied.
							5: that's pretty much it. If we want to pass Map the objectManager, it can fill rooms up with stuff, or the Scene can access
							   Map's Rooms{} field and do it on its own, though that'd be messy & gross. Think about it.

							Now when we want to draw the map, we're just drawing a static texture, and all collisions are handled by ObjectManager like they should be


		allow objects a way to interact with interface objects safely (without strict coupling)
		so for example, a healthbar interface object is created to represent the health of a specific NPC. that NPC will get the ID of that healthbar and will be able to send it commands like resize, etc.

March 8th, 2018:
	Fixed up the crappy rounded movement, and fixed the bouncing that was happening when the player hit walls, which is what the rounding hackishly fixed.
	I should go through all the code and add detailed comments everywhere, to get a better idea of what my code is doing (becuase i havent touched this project in a year), and just because I need to do that anyway
	Consider making a Drawable class to handle animated and static sprites. This way, if a non-object element, say, the interface, needs to draw an animated sprite, it can do so easily.
	Go through and find things that are redundant.
	Find all the TODOs and actually start working on them.